>> Will Sentance: We learned about the,
on this very note, event paradigm.
The event system, nature of Node.
What if Node used the event,
message-broadcasting, pattern,
where it flags out a message depending
on stuff that happens in Node,
to auto trigger a function to
send out a message event each
time a sufficient batch of
the JSON data had being loaded in?
And then at each point,
have that auto run a function.
And that function can start
cleaning that batch of data,
store it, store it.
While we're running that function,
cleaning that batch of data, Node is
pulling in the next batch, triggering
the function again to clean that.
And we're effectively gonna end
up doing these in parallel.
While we're pulling in batches,
we're gonna simultaneously be running
the clean tweet function
batch by batch in here.
I can see this reducing our time down to,
I'm gonna have a feeling,
15 seconds, basically.
Because we're gonna spend all the time
we're pulling in batches in the background
simultaneously cleaning tweets
in the foreground in JavaScript,
which is only gonna take ten seconds.
So we can do all of this while this is
happening in the background in chunks as
it comes in.
>> Will Sentance: Should be pretty cool.
I'm gonna feel there's a bit of an issue,
though,
because the data is gonna
come in in chunks at a rate.
I think I'm gonna switch this up,
haha haha.
Actually, it's gonna take 20 seconds,
there we go, to clean that much data.
The data is gonna come in, auto trigger
a function to run on the next batch.
But the running of the cleaning of
this batch will yet have finished.
So is that auto triggered
function allowed to jump in and
run at the same time as
the previous ones running?
No, but
it can’t just be it’s not allowed to.
There must be some really,
really strict rules for
when it’s allowed to throw the next
running of the function in.
And that’s gonna introduce
to us some queuing stuff.
[BLANK AUDIO]